[RA1] Removing outdated comments (#2296)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/openstack/chapters/chapter01.md

- Open Development
- Open Community

> This OpenStack Reference Architecture is organised around the three major Cloud Infrastructure resource types as core services of compute, storage and networking, and a set of shared services of identity management, image management, graphical user interface, orchestration engine, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This OpenStack Reference Architecture is organised around the three major Cloud Infrastructure resource types as core services of compute, storage and networking, and a set of shared managed services such as identity, image, compute, storage and network, a GUI dashboard, and orchestration engine.
```

<a name="1.4.1"></a>
### 1.4.1 Exceptions

> CNTT specifies certain policies and [principles](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/common/chapter00.md#2.0) and strives to coalesce the industry towards conformant Cloud Infrastructure technologies and configurations. With the currently available technology options, incompatabilities, performance and operator constraints (including costs), these policies and principles may not always be achievable and, thus, require an exception process. CNTT specifies how to handle [non-conforming technologies](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/common/policies.md#cntt-policies-for-managing-non-conforming-technologies). In general, non-coformance with policies is handled through a [set of exceptions](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/ref_arch/openstack/chapters/chapter01.md#1.4.1).

Reviewer: Please use relative url's; also the last reference is to the section itself
```suggestion
CNTT specifies certain policies and [principles](../../../chapter00.md#2.0) and strives to coalesce the industry towards conformant Cloud Infrastructure technologies and configurations. With the currently available technology options, incompatibilities, performance and operator constraints (including costs), these policies and principles may not always be achievable and, thus, require an exception process. CNTT specifies how to handle [non-conforming technologies](../../../common/policies.md#cntt-policies-for-managing-non-conforming-technologies). In general, non-coformance with policies is handled through a set of exceptions.
```

Author: Thanks for the comment! There is an issue for replacing absolute links with relative links: #2392.

> CNTT specifies certain policies and [principles](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/common/chapter00.md#2.0) and strives to coalesce the industry towards conformant Cloud Infrastructure technologies and configurations. With the currently available technology options, incompatabilities, performance and operator constraints (including costs), these policies and principles may not always be achievable and, thus, require an exception process. CNTT specifies how to handle [non-conforming technologies](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/common/policies.md#cntt-policies-for-managing-non-conforming-technologies). In general, non-coformance with policies is handled through a set of exceptions (please also see [Exception Types](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/gov/chapters/chapter09.md#942-exception-types)).

Reviewer: Change Exception reference to RA1 Exceptions: https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/ref_arch/openstack/chapters/chapter01.md#1.4.1
```suggestion
CNTT specifies certain policies and [principles](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/common/chapter00.md#2.0) and strives to coalesce the industry towards conformant Cloud Infrastructure technologies and configurations. With the currently available technology options, incompatabilities, performance and operator constraints (including costs), these policies and principles may not always be achievable and, thus, require an exception process. CNTT specifies how to handle [non-conforming technologies](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/common/policies.md#cntt-policies-for-managing-non-conforming-technologies). In general, non-coformance with policies is handled through a [set of exceptions](https://github.com/cntt-n/CNTT/blob/master/doc/ref_arch/openstack/chapters/chapter01.md#1.4.1).
```
